Updated DataGrid articles, other small updates (#792)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/chat/styling.md

- `OutgoingLabelStyle` (target type `Label`)&mdash;Defines the style of the label of the outgoing message.

> In addition, the following properties set the background of the Chat:

Reviewer: You can add the background properties to the list above. You don't need to create a new list.
```suggestion
```

* `BackgroundColor`(`Color`)&mdash;Defines the background color of the Chat control.

> * `InputAreaBackgroundColor`(`Color`)&mdash;Defines the bacgkround color of the area that the input elements (entry and button) reside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `InputAreaBackgroundColor`(`Color`)&mdash;Defines the background color of the area where the input elements (the Entry and Button components) reside.
```
